[Autogenerated] Hello, everyone.
My name is Andrew Estes and welcome to my course
Implementing analytics in real time data in a W s.
Currently I'm an enterprise cloud architect at CSG
International and founder of Quick iCloud.
Real Time Data Analytics is a massive and rapidly
growing field within the I t industry.
Today.
In this course,
we're going to learn how we can leverage AWS services for
real time data Analytics and streaming.
Some of the major topics that we're going to cover include que nested streams,
elasticsearch and M R s and s and sqs architectures
and a W s i o T ecosystem offerings.
By the end of this course,
you'll know which a W s services can be used to accomplish your data
streaming in analytics needs before beginning the course.
You should be familiar with the solutions architect, professional learning path.
And with that, it will be helpful to be aware of the solutions,
architect, associate and professional exam material.
And then finally,
URL want to at least have a general understanding
of microcircuits architectures.
From here,
you should feel comfortable diving into other data streaming
and analytics with courses on other real time data streaming
services deep dives into a W S I, O T.
And the other solutions architect professional learning path courses.
Now I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn how we can implement
real time data streaming with the implementing analytics and real time data in a W S course here at Pluralsight.